[move-lang] Added vector literals (#9341)
diem/diem: language/documentation/book/src/vector.md

A `vector<T>` can be instantiated with any type `T`. For example, `vector<u64>`, `vector<address>`,
`vector<0x42::MyModule::MyResource>`, and `vector<vector<u8>>` are all valid vector types.

## Literals

### General `vector` Literals

Vectors of any type can be created with `vector` literals.

| Syntax                | Type                                                                           | Description                                |
| --------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------ |
| `vector[]`            | `vector[]: vector<T>` where `T` is any single, non-reference type              | An empty vector                            |

> | `vector[e1, ..., en]` | `vector[e1, ..., en]: vector<T>` where `e_i: T` s.t. `0 <= i <= n` and `n > 0` | A vector with `n` elements (of length `n`) |

Reviewer: Should that be "0 < i <= n" (instead of less or equal)?

> In these cases, the type of the `vector` ins inferred, either from the element type or from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In these cases, the type of the `vector` is inferred, either from the element type or from the
```

> vectors usage. If the type cannot be inferred, or simply for added clarity, the type can be specfied

Reviewer: ```suggestion
vector's usage. If the type cannot be inferred, or simply for added clarity, the type can be specified
```
